[Gateway/MWAN] Revise Magic WAN HTTP filtering instructions (#15768)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-wan/zero-trust/cloudflare-gateway.md

## HTTPS Filtering

> In order to inspect HTTPS traffic, you need to install the Cloudflare root certificate on any client machines. You can use the [WARP client](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/) to [automatically install the Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cert-with-warp/) on supported devices. If your device or application does not support certificate installation via WARP, you can [manually install the certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cloudflare-cert/). The certificate is required for Cloudflare to terminate TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to inspect HTTPS traffic, you need to install the Cloudflare root certificate on each client machine. You can use the [WARP client](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/) to [automatically install the Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cert-with-warp/) on supported devices. If your device or application does not support certificate installation via WARP, you can [manually install the certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cloudflare-cert/). The certificate is required for Cloudflare to terminate TLS.
```

> In order to inspect HTTPS traffic, you need to install the Cloudflare root certificate on any client machines. You can use the [WARP client](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/) to [automatically install the Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cert-with-warp/) on supported devices. If your device or application does not support certificate installation via WARP, you can [manually install the certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cloudflare-cert/). The certificate is required for Cloudflare to terminate TLS.

Reviewer: should we link to the TLS decryption page?

If you cannot or do not want to install the certificate, you can create [Do Not Inspect](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/#do-not-inspect) policies to exempt Magic WAN traffic or disable TLS decryption entirely. For example:

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding a brief note explaining why this policy exempts Magic WAN traffic.

## HTTPS Filtering

In order to inspect HTTPS traffic, you need to install the Cloudflare root certificate on each client machine. You can use the [WARP client](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/) to [automatically install the Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cert-with-warp/) on supported devices. If your device or application does not support certificate installation via WARP, you can [manually install the certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/user-side-certificates/install-cloudflare-cert/). The certificate is required for Cloudflare to [decrypt TLS](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption/).

> If you cannot or do not want to install the certificate, you can create [Do Not Inspect](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/#do-not-inspect) policies to exempt Magic WAN traffic from inspection or to disable TLS decryption entirely. For example, you can exempt devices running WARP using [WARP client checks](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/):

Reviewer: I'm getting kinda confused here. Does the policy exempt devices that are NOT running WARP? (A device not running WARP implies it's connected via Magic WAN?)

Author: Are we assuming users are onboarded to Magic WAN via the WARP client? If that's the case, our intention is to create a policy that matches WARP traffic (and by extension MWAN) to apply a DNI action. To accomplish this, the policy would need to use the `in` operator rather than `not in`.

Reviewer 2: I think here Max is giving as an example devices running WARP. However, I just wanted to say that Magic WAN customers don't need to onboard traffic through WARP to use Gateway. I'm assuming these policies to exempt MWAN traffic without WARP would have to be IP based - that is, customers would need to know which IPs MWAN is using, and then use them to create the excemption rules?
